upd(configure:ember): add writeup on default-async-observers (#1215)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/configuring-ember/optional-features.md

components gain the advantages of this feature.

For more information, see [RFC #278](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0278-template-only-components.md).

### default-async-observers

With this feature *enabled*, Ember will run all observers in the application
asynchronously by default. This leads to observers running in the runloop

> after the one in which the properties it observers were updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after the one in which the properties it observes were updated.
```

If the feature is *disabled*, observers run synchronously

> and will then update as soon as their observed properties update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and will be invoked as soon as their observed properties update.
```

Async observers are more performant than those that run synchronously
and can help you to manage your application state in a more predictable manner.
This is one of the reasons, why the `default-async-observers` feature is
**enabled by default** in newly created, modern Ember applications.

The `default-async-observers` feature affects the behaviour of observers application-wide,

> but can still set single instances of observers to run synchronously or async

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but you can still instruct individual observers to run synchronously or async
```

manually. By using the `sync: true` option, observers who are otherwise async by default,
can be marked as synchronous manually. Vice versa, otherwise synchronously running observers
can be set to run asynchronously using the `sync: false` option.

```javascript
import { observer } from '@ember/object';

> Person.reopen({

Reviewer: Probably better to use `.extend` here instead of `.reopen`:

```suggestion
Person.extend({
```

  partOfNameChanged: observer({

>   dependentKeys: ['firstName', 'lastName'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    dependentKeys: ['firstName', 'lastName'],
```

>   function() {

Author: Is the code example correct here, or should it rather be

```suggestion
  fn() {
```

I couldn't find any documentation on it (which seems to be the reason of this PR 😅 )

Reviewer: It is indeed supposed to be named `fn`

Also, the RFC has a bit of detail on the exact signature too https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0494-async-observers.md

Author: Super, thank you for the reference 🙇‍♀

>   function() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fn() {
```

>     // Fires async after firstName or lastName have updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Fires async after firstName or lastName have updated
```

>   },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    },
```

>   sync: false,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sync: false,
```

> });

Reviewer: Missing an end `})` for the `observer({` invocation:

```suggestion
  })
});
```

```

While the `default-async-observers` feature is only enabled by default in modern Ember applications,

> you can enable this optional feature in older apps (Ember 3.13+) as follows:

Author: Let me know if you find it more useful to just skip this part of the phrase referring to the old behaviour. If we skip this part, we could also just show how to disable the feature in current Ember apps in the code example below
